who is Jaclyn Glenn what does she
represent in the year 2019 Jaclyn Glenn
is someone who comes on the internet and
tells you despite scientific evidence to
the contrary go ahead use SSRI
antidepressants use antidepressant drugs
that have been debunked disproven that
have myriad really serious negative
health effects and that have been proven
to have no positive effect aside from
what's called the enhanced placebo
effect they don't cure depression the
whole mono amine hypothesis debunk years
ago she has no interest she comes on
camera and tells you to go ahead and use
SSRI antidepressant drugs why why why
why because you should do she says
whatever feels right for you and that's
the most dangerous advice of all Jaclyn
Glenn is someone who comes on the
internet and encourages people to use
marijuana she absolutely lies lies
straight to your face about the
scientific evidence that marijuana
causes brain damage that marijuana
causes morphological structural changes
in the brain causes impairment causes
decay which the brain knows then she
encourages you to use marijuana why why
why wow-wow not that marijuana is the
cure for anything is wrong with you not
that it's a treatment not that it's
gonna benefit you does she thinks you
should do whatever feels good an example
that's in some ways parallel to this and
in some ways is an instructive contrast
would be the controversy we had over the
vegan youtuber Sun fruit Dan who's no
longer vegan right now 2019 this guy
there's no reason why you would have
heard of him he was a little bit known
within the vegan scene because he was
vegan and now he's telling people to eat
meats and he was somewhat known in
British newspapers because his
girlfriend died in a car accident well
she was six months pregnant with his
baby
and there were a lot of
Elsbeth that case he went to court there
was the possibility go to prison for it
sort of drama that got broad public
attention but with that digression aside
as to whose son fruit Dan is or who he
was his YouTube channel his main YouTube
channel was deleted because he was
encouraging people to drink bleach and
turpentine as some kind of folk remedy
as some kind of holistic medicine and
the guy's full current campaign
encouraging vegans
to go back to eating meat he's 100% on
this basis of doing what feels good he's
preaching now that he's eating meat and
he feels great and whatever feels good
must be good in the same way before he
preached veganism and drinking bleach
and turpentine cuz whatever feels good
look this is not even worth criticizing
but I notice everyone's ready to line up
and demonstrate their moral superiority
over a piece of crap
like son for Dan and hey everyone's
willing in a very different way to line
up and demonstrate their sense of moral
superiority over a Nisshin and his sad
sack three-way love love life and all
the Civic e-1 aspect of the Internet in
21st century seems to be people in the
audience who are eager to demonstrate
their sense of moral superior or a get
it how many people do you really think
could possibly be influenced negatively
by this guy this nutcase this eccentric
encouraging them to drink bleach how
much damage do you think those videos
potentially did or actually did and now
by contrast how much damage do you think
has been done by Jacqueline Glenn
encouraging people to use ayahuasca
by Jacqueline Glen encouraging people to
use SSRI antidepressants and just to
throw another contrast
how about kami how about supreme banana
on exactly the same issues I did
ayahuasca in January and it literally
just like got rid of my anxiety still
have no idea how that worked the most
beautiful experience of my life I still
to this day and even if my anxiety did
come back like I was able to view it in
a different way like I didn't attach
myself to it because I had kind of like
a revelation revelation Airy
revolutionary I have it I had a
revelation during my ayahuasca
experience Jaclyn Glenn comes on the
internet and encourages women to go out
and get breast augmentation surgery I
just did a google search for this I was
really surprised today in 2019 if you
type in breast implant the autocorrect
suggestion I got the autocomplete
suggestion from google was breast
implant illness now in 2019 more than
ever before
there is a storm of controversy
surrounding the negative health effects
the long-term negative consequences of
women having breast implants put in the
chest and in 2019 you don't have to look
very far for that evidence there already
was evidence in 2009 there already was
discussion this probe in 1999 but right
now in 2019 this is a major mainstream
medical controversy partly just due to
the accumulation of data of looking at
it and saying well a lot of women who
have breast implant surgery sooner or
later as the years go by have really
negative health complications some of
them scientifically we haven't gotten to
the bottom of ideologically but you know
when you look at it if you're if you're
being a skeptic in the truest sense of
the word skeptic yeah it's kind of easy
to see how you know implanting this you
know silicone object into your skin is
gonna have mm-hmm getting reason that
one through she doesn't want you to be
rational she doesn't want you to make
choices that are informed by reading
scientific studies she wants you to do
what feels right for you and I think
that really is the most dangerous
vice of all that she could be offering
there's a lot of discourse within the
vegan movement questioning the extent to
which we as vegans are like a religion
or even like a cult and you know I'm
vegan
but I'm so critical haha we talked about
it for a reason we're we're
self-critical for a reason it's not for
no reason to all the people are
concerned about this cult-like elements
of veganism as it emerges as a political
movement but you know in this respect in
the respect that we're talking about in
this video it's actually the ex vegans
who are to a much greater extent
participating in and exhibiting a
religious mentality because it is the ex
vegans who will say to you with
absolutely no sense of humor and no
sense of self-awareness or irony they
will say to you you have to do what
feels right for you you have to don't
think about ethically don't think about
ecologically don't think about it
rationally if eating a cheeseburger they
say just suddenly makes you feel amazing
then just go with that feeling let the
feeling decide decide what's healthy
decide what's ethical decide what's
responsible decide what's right and
what's wrong on the basis of a feeling I
want you to divide your life into two
parts one part where you made decisions
on the basis of how you felt about
something and one part where you used
reason and then when you look back at
your life when you're 60 years old
90 years old I want you to be able to
say the part of my life where I made
decisions based on a feeling was called
childhood and the part of my life where
I reasoned things through no matter how
hard it was
remember how much it beat up my ego no
matter how much I had to confront my own
ignorance no matter how kilter intuitive
and surprising the results of scientific
inquiry turned out to be no matter how
and inconvenient the ethical
implications of knowing how these things
work
that period of my life where I reason
things through where I took on that
responsibility that for me was adulthood
I had a revelation during my ayahuasca
experience that allowed me to like
recognize my anxieties not me but once
my depression started coming back I kind
of fell off of all my positive thinking
and like mental work and everything and
anxiety was easily like slipped in there
and these same people who will come out
and tell you that using a mind-altering
drug like ayahuasca forget ayahuasca by
military and police the genic drug
ayahuasca Jacqueline Glenn has
repeatedly encouraged the public to use
even though her own experience with it
was negative this is this actually many
of these things have in common
her own experience with antidepressants
was negative nevertheless she says go
ahead use it do what feels right for you
her own experience ayahuasca was
negative nevertheless is go ahead you
should do what feels right for you
peculiar pattern here these same people
who will come out and say that ayahuasca
cured their anxiety will then tell you
that just a few months later their
anxiety came back you know the people
who claim these miraculous treatments
have miraculous benefits the nature of
YouTube as a kind of diachronic long
format journaling medium it's really
much more instructive than an
old-fashioned news report on the radio
or TV that work or just one moment in
time because we see as these people's
lives progress past the moment when they
feel they were saved or they were cured
by these you know nonsensical
non-scientific cures we see that in fact
they do experience the same problems I
went back to my doctor and I told her
how the drug was affecting me and how I
was I didn't like the way it made me
feel how it wasn't even really effective
anymore
and how it was making me gain weight the
solution to me saying I don't like the
way this drug is affecting me was to
double the dose she was like okay well
right now you're only on 10 milligrams
we're going to just go ahead and up that
20 lonappan is another barbiturate that
people can get prescribed for panic
attacks and things like that I'm not the
kind of person that has an addictive
personality
so I'm not worried about it I've had the
prescription now for like a month
my doctor did mention that there are
other types of antidepressants that I
might consider in the future that don't
cause weight gain I think wellbutrin is
one luvox is one I was put on 10
milligrams of lexapro and I took it for
about six months I had really bad side
effects so now we're embarking on reason
number one why I'm really scared to talk
about this I do not want to discourage
anyone from taking meds
I'm not trying to say that they don't
work for some people everyone's body
reacts differently to different drugs
where one's body reacts differently to
different drugs so definitely talk to
your doctor and figure out what's best
the most dangerous advice anyone can
give you on the Internet is do what
feels right do what feels good when
people encourage you to follow a feeling
they're encouraging you to be irrational
rather than rational they're encouraging
you to be childish rather than adult
thinking rationally it's not easy and
doing what feels good comes naturally if
I walk out in direct sunlight for five
minutes I live in a tropical country
feel that direct sunlight beating down
on you it feels good makes you feel
awake makes you feel alive some
instinctual level you respond to having
that Sun baking town on you and people
all over the world have made up
religious rationales for sunbathing
supernatural New Age hippie health
rationales including ancient Taoism in
China down to the lowliest of magical
crystal worshipping hippies in our time
their voice Minh people willing to
justify what ultimately is just an
irrational feeling that direct sunlight
is good for you again
what it's bad sunbathing is bad for your
health
sunburn is bad for your health sun
exposure is basically something you want
to minimize you want to carry a parasol
to keep the Sun off at all times
especially when you're in the tropics
may not seem intuitively obvious may not
be how the Sun makes you feel but it's
true for how many centuries did people
drink alcohol and think it gave them a
whole range of health benefits when
Europeans first encountered nicotine
when Europeans first encountered cocaine
coming straight from the coca leaf makes
you feel good
caffeine coffee tea all these things in
our life if you're making your decisions
based on a feeling you're gonna make the
wrong decision again and again and again
what's genuinely good for you what's
genuinely the right thing to do often
feels wrong and you have to make the
mature sober adult detach decision to
reason things through and then do the
right thing just because it's the right
thing to do all this stuff we do on
YouTube has a price in blood a Nisshin
making an absolute mess out of his sex
life ruining his marriage and coming on
camera weeping about you know what
probably influences a lot of people to
not have an open relationship it makes a
lot of people think maybe monogamy
especially when you're raising kids
maybe it's not a parent it probably
makes a lot of people stop and reflect
in their lives and think I don't want to
make the same mistakes anisia made it
probably makes a lot of young women
think twice before getting into a
relationship with an older man who's in
a situation like a Missy and like an
older married man looking for some kind
of through it it probably makes a lot of
people reflect in their lives and do the
right thing instead of the wrong thing
because initiative out here doing the
wrong thing and being
self-pitying as hell reflecting on
camera that's not advocacy is not some
kind of moral cause and every moral
cause that guy pursues he's terrible at
he tries to preach vegetarianism
sometimes veganism he's terrible at that
left-wing causes gay identity causes
transgender causes he's terrible at all
of it but I have to admit I have to give
him credit he tries from his perspective
he's the hero in his own narrative
standing up for one morally positive
cause and another even if he's falling
down flat on his face for every one of
those causes but visibly or invisibly
what Jacqueline Glenn is doing here on
YouTube is impacting people's lives I
would say thousands of people's lives
negatively there are people who watch
your videos and are encouraged to get
plastic surgery to get breast
augmentation following the same loopy
irrational do what feels good logic that
she preaches there are people who watch
your video and you go out and try
ayahuasca there are people who watch
your video and pay for the better help
internet counseling service that's what
she's but there are people who watch
your videos and fall over line of
reasoning and jump on board with using
SSRI drugs start using antidepressants
with her encouragement even though her
own experience has been more negative
than positive so on and so forth and
there are people definitely thousands of
people who are going to be reassured by
her telling them that marijuana doesn't
cause brain damage when it's a proven
scientific fact that it does right there
is a cost in blood there is a really
negative impact in the world caused by
these YouTube videos and we're at a
point right now where we're willing to
question a nutcase like Sun fruit dan
encouraging people to drink diluted
bleach as some kind of man people are at
least willing to question that and
nobody wants to question just how
negative
the knock-on consequences are for
Jacqueline Glenn at Glennon here check
I'm glad encouraging you to get plastic
surgery do ayahuasca use antidepressants
smoke marijuana and those those terrible
unthinking irrational do what feels good
self-centered short-term thinking
self-indulgent ridiculous pieces of
advice irrational pieces of advice those
are gonna influence thousands more
people than the advice about drinking
bleach from that idiot because it's more
plausible and it's wrapped up in a
package that's more seductive more
appealing yet you can get your
autographed semi nude photograph of
Jacqueline now via patreon I mean people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know